(upbeat music)
All right, let's work on some styles
for laying all this out.
This file is already getting pretty big,
it's almost 100 lines of code.
So, I'm going to keep the styles for this
in a separate file.
So, we'll go into our Styles folder,
and make a new OrderStyles.js.
I'll say Const OrderStyles = style.div,
and we need to import styled.
From...
Oh, that was a weird one!
It used required.
Let's try it again.
Auto import.
Why is it using, doing require all of a sudden?
We'll just say import styled
from styled-components.
And then, in here, we have our OrderStyles,
and then we'll say, export default OrderStyles.
I'll go, jump back into our order.
And oh, it's not a div, it's gonna be a form tag.
So, styled.form,
and then we'll go into where we have our form tag
of order.js page, and we'll say OrderStyles.
And must make sure that closing tag also worked.
No, it didn't!
And then let's also import OrderStyles,
and there we go, it's imported, cool!
Now, we'll go into our OrderStyles,
and we'll start writing all the code.
Again, you can grab this and skip this
if you don't feel like writing the CSS,
you can grab it from the finished file.
So, we'll say, display: grid;
grid-template-columns; 1fr 1fr;
gap: 20px; Cool!
I'll say, fieldset
is grid-column: span 2;
So what that does, is we made two columns,
but then we make every single fieldset,
span both of them so they go 100% wide.
We'll give it a max-height of 600px
and that will just allow for scrolling
when there's more pizzas than we want to display.
So, we'll say overflow: auto;
display: grid; on that.
Gap: 1rem;
and align-content: start;
Okay, it's starting to look good.
Then we want the menu in the order
to be displayed side by side.
So what we'll do here, is we'll go on
to the fieldset for menu and give it a class of menu.
And we'll go on to the fieldset for our order,
give it a class of order.
We'll go in here, and we'll say,
& when it has a class of order,
or when it has a class of menu,
we'll say grid-column: span 1;
So we'll overwrite that. There we go!
And now, they're going side by side.
Then, finally, at the end here,
we'll just say @media (max-width: 900px),
so when it's 900 pixels,
we'll just say, fieldset.menu
and fieldset.order.
So, grid-column:
span 2;
So that actually...
There we go.
Let's leave this off for now
just 'cause the way that I have my recording setup,
is I wanna be able to see them side by side.
So let's comment that out just for now,
you don't have to, if you can see it just fine.
Okay, so, that's the OrderStyles.
Then we also need to style each of these pizzas right here.
So we'll go into our styles directory,
and I'll make a new file,
and I'll call that MenuItemStyles.js.
And we'll just go ahead and grab the import styled,
and I'll say, const MenuItemStyles = styled.div,
and then export default MenuItemStyles;
And here, we'll also display: grid;
grid-template-columns.
We want them to just show like,
we want 100 pixel image,
and then we want everything else to go to the right of it,
regardless of how much space there is.
So I'll say grid-template-columns: 100px, 1fr;
And let's pause there and swap this in,
so that we can see how changes happening in real time.
So, go back to your Order,
and here we go, where we loop over each of our pizzas.
We wanna replace this div here
with MenuItemStyles.
And I believe that is this one too!
And then we need to auto import that sucker.
Oh, that one didn't work!
No, it's not importing.
All right, we'll just duplicate it,
and then say, MenuItemStyles.
Or you know what?
Maybe 'cause to be exported... Yeah, we did!
Okay, that's cool.
All right, back to MenuItemStyles,
we've got a grid-template-columns,
you see what's going on here,
the image is gonna be 100 pixels,
and then the rest of the space is dedicated to what we want.
And then we say, grid-template-rows:
also make two rows, 1fr, 1fr each,
say grid-gap or just gap:
We can do 0 1.3rem; that's just 'cause I know(laughs)
how much I want, about 13 pixels of space between the two,
then we'll say, align-content: center;
align-items: center;
Okay, okay, okay!
Then we want, we want these buttons here...
Let me show you what I'm looking at.
We want it to look like this, right?
So we want the image to go
the full height or cover both rows.
So what we'll do is we'll select that image
and we'll say, you take up two rows.
So, I'll say, grid...
Oh, no, we gotta select it,
and the way that we select the images,
gatsby-image-wrapper.
We'll say, grid-row: span 2;
Boom! And then we'll also give it a height of 100%.
And you see what that does,
is regardless of how high this menu item is,
the image will stretch itself.
And it's using, Gatsby image uses
object fit cover,
so that's why it's not being distorted,
it's just being cropped, which is what we want.
Now, some additional styles,
grab that paragraph and just put a margin: 0; on it.
We'll grab our button,
give it a font size of 1.5rem,
and then, we want some spacing between all of the buttons.
So we'll say, when there is a button
that comes next to a button, margin-left: 1rem;
is... Ooh!
See how it animated it? That's really cool.
Woo! Woo!
I like it!
Alternatively, you could also wrap
all those buttons in a div, and put some grid gap on that.
And then, finally, we need a .remove,
or a button.rem...
Let's just type .remove.
I'll say, background: none
color: var(--red); I'll explain this.
This is when you wanna remove something from your order,
we'll be using these styles in here as well.
Font-Size: 3rem;
position: absolute;
top: 0; uh, that one, top: 0;
right: 0;
box-shadow: none;
line-height: 1rem;
All right, that doesn't do anything
'cause we don't have our remove button just yet.
Okay, so that's looking pretty good!
Don't worry about this,
this will never wrap around like this
because we will be using
that CSS that we did right here, in order to...
Here, let me show you?
If we put that back on, that's how it's gonna look.
So, I'm just leaving it on
for now, so that we can see the menu items
in the order items.
All right, so we've got our info, our name, our email.
Now, when somebody clicks one of these buttons,
we need to add that item to our order.
And we're gonna create a custom hook
with custom state
in order to manage all of that in the next video.